see buddy what Matt to Nelson video and
today I'm going to be doing a target
haul so I have this bag from Target I
have a bunch of different stuff from
Target Oh
and then I excited about that so the
first thing and this is like the dollar
section of target like when you walk in
target there's always like this dollar
section so I got all of these all of
these things actually three dollars not
just a dollar so but it's like the
dollar section because it's less than
ten bucks like that it's like no more
than five bucks and dollar section but
so the first thing I found and this
little pushing unicorn it's like
turquoise it has like a really plushy
like soft turquoise fur has like pink
very sparkly pink eyes with like a Glary
unicorn horn um some sparkly wink and
even like a hot pink fluffy tail and
even like the bottom of the two hosts
are sparkly pink so that's just really
cute has this ninety face and I just
love that Unicorn odds I love unicorn so
much so yeah so this is me unicorn um
next time I found target and on this
calendar it is August 2017 to July 2018
right here August 2017 July 2018 so this
season he's really cute effects for
August as well can cat for um for
September it has follow your dreams for
October it has blueberries for November
it has clouds or a star for um December
a little puppy for January it has a
rainbow for February has banana for
March it has
one and a melon with an axe a cute
because like one in a million
for April it is um the feline goes like
feeling good for May there's Munich or
for for June there's a watermelon and
for July there's pear there's a pear and
apple so that's really really cute I
love that so much
oh so I can keep track of all the
important dates um next I have this like
matching kiddy and puppy Journal has 60
pages right here
um and it's even really cute right here
in the front so zipper pouch so it even
has a little tag that says best friend
Trevor and it's really puppy and those
um cat and dog or even puppies like if
you look like that
it's like puppy as you can see so that's
really cool um at the better on forever
on the little zipper so then you just
flip that down then you can open it up
and put like anything in there like
money or like your phone and something
or just like a little notes so that's
really cute
and it even have a bunch of like for the
first page it has like this really cute
like rainbow confetti sprinkles age 50 I
like thin cardboard um and that has six
pages blank pages of paper so that is
really cute I just love that as like the
extra of zipper pouch so I just love
that so much and then the last thing I
found is another matching stationery set
so it comes in this beautiful like clear
bag like let me take all the bells but
this is just so pretty like is literally
glittered like my hands behind right now
that's how much glitter this it's like
completely see-through
i lolled like keep their patches like
that and the zipper is even a little
puffy pocket so I can like squish it see
it's like puppy but so a paw print and
then it comes with a bunch of stickers
so there's like best friends forever
perfect um like cat a load dog like a
kitty cat and a puppy and then like
rainbows and a dog bone and a bow and
looks a bunch of other cute stuff um so
I just love that then there's also this
mini follow your dreams notebook like
this little sketchbook and you can just
it's just blank pages no lines which I
really love because I love um mons with
no lines because you can just like
sketch in it so there's a lot of pages
in that and then the last thing it comes
with like a little packet of the
stationery things so just like you would
open just like I'll take these out and
there we go so there's this really
pretty pink pen and it even has like a
little heart at the top so that is
really really cute light pink um there's
like a really cute pink confetti
sprinkled pencil right there and some
examples you want hats like an eraser at
the top away treasure and then this is
probably my favorite of all of them it's
a mini lipstick but it's not just a
regular lipstick it's an eraser so you
just take this off and then you can
twist it up all the way like that it's
an actual eraser so let's test these out
in this low mini notebook so I'm going
to test out this pink pen first okay
that's just a really pretty pink so you
can kind of see it right here and right
there that's a pink and it's really
me and I lost my location Lillian was so
unique
we can't dress like bleep on kinda like
the horse looking at horn magical not a
face is just a simple unicorn there so
we must test out the pencil and see if
it how in the race is how the on
lipstick raisins so so the country is
really nice and smooth right in you're
tight you want to erase it so I'm going
to Kate and the one on here is like dole
or something and you can get to it um
I'm going to use this here let me point
it so here it is here's a um heart and I
have the lipstick here I've actually
erase them so look at that so um this is
before a race and this is after that's
right
I'm not doing it very hard but um it's
actually a race is very um so that is
perfect I'm like perfect cosplay perfect
so I just love that so much let's put
everything back in the case it looks
really pretty by itself but it also
looks really cute with all the other
stuff in it so I'm going to put that
stuff in it this is what it looks like
and let
[Music]
like it is a printed books and right
here printed books things but um it I
actually use it to hold up my phone cuz
it makes like a perfect top for older um
cuz once I gotta that just like oh this
is gonna go great with my like with
iPhone to hold up my phone and stuff so
that is really cool and even has like
unicorns and popsicles and Donuts and
strawberries it says today is magical as
well
popsicle pineapple unicorns I just love
it honestly cupcakes cherries I just
love this this is like so bright
inaudible that's like perfect
so that is all I got from the target
hall here is everything the little kitty
cat um Pal endures a unicorn the pencil
case the notebook and the UM stand so
yeah that was really fun showing you
guys what I got my favorite thing was
the unicorn and probably the stationary
set but I also I like loved everything
honestly um honestly I can't even decide
anymore I just love all of them but the
thing I love the very very emotionally
unicorn definitely because I watch it
like how much but um I and I do like the
phone 10 but I like everything and just
the unicorn office more like knowledge
yes and then like everything else is
tied because it's just so cute and I
love it so I hope you guys enjoyed this
video be sure to leave a like if you
like more hauls from Target or like
Walmart so yeah that will be it for
today I hope you guys enjoyed this video
be sure to leave a like comment down
below if you want to see more um
and subscribe just go down
yo and make sure to also hit that gray
Bell so you can be notified every time I
I make a new video and I'm also going to
be trying and like going to try to post
weekly um at the most maybe like a few
times a week um I might not be able to
do it daily which I'm really sad about
but I am going to try to do it um like a
few times a week so yeah I hope you guys
enjoyed this video and yeah
[Music]